( Horn honking )
I'm Alex Mack.
I was just an average kid
until an accident
changed my life.
And since then...
Nothing's been the same.
( Zapping )
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
My best friend Ray
thinks it's cool.
My sister Annie
thinks I'm a science project.
I can't let anyone else know.
Not even my parents.
I know the Chemical Plant
wants to find me
and turn me into
some experiment.
But you know something?
I guess
I'm not so average anymore.
( Rattling )
Hey, Alex.
Oh, hi.
You having a problem
with your locker?
Yeah, it gets jammed.
Oh, here, let me try.
( Bangs it )
Thanks.
What do you have next?
Social studies.
I spent all night
working on this paper
on subcultures
in western civilization.
Miss Jenkins,
huh?
Yeah. I'll be lucky
if I can survive
the semester.
( School bell ringing )
I better go.
Talk to you later.
See you.
Well, you two are
certainly becoming close.
We were just
talking, Kelly.
That's nice.
I wanted to know
if you were free
Sunday night.
Me? What for?
What do you think?
My parents wonder
if you can baby-sit.
They're willing
to forget
the problems
last time.
I'd do it, but Scott
and I have plans.
Besides...
Aren't you always looking
to make a little money?
Sunday I'm busy.
Really?
Well, if you
change your mind
let me know.
What's
the matter?
I can't find
my paper.
I could have sworn
I put it in my notebook.
Maybe it's
in your bag.
Which is
in my locker.
I've got
to go back.
Alex, class
starts any minute.
Save my seat.
( Zapping )
( Screams )
Atron:
Well, is this it?
Yes, Miss Atron.
I see.
It says that
although GC-161
has definite potential
regarding genetic
restructuring
the results of this
research trial
still prove
inconclusive?
Mack!
Our company has sunk
millions
into GC-161.
This is not
a bug spray!
Well, it might help
if I knew
the specific application
of the substance.
I can't determine
the specific application
till I get the results
from you.
Look, Mack.
I'm going to be
frank with you.
There's a great
deal of concern
surrounding
the continuation
of this project.
Now, this weekend
I'm meeting
with some very
important investors.
I need to give them
conclusive evidence.
Re-run the tests
A.S.A.P.
Ms. Atron...
I want to be a team player.
Good.
( Laughing nervously )
But my wife and I
spent months
planning a trip
for this weekend.
Oh, that is so sweet.
Too bad you're
going to be busy.
This is bad.
I know my parents.
When they hear
I have detention
there's no way
they'll let me
have a party.
And I've already invited
like a million people.
Detention, huh?
I have to
admit, Mack
I didn't think
you had it in you.
It was
an accident.
It's not like I plowed
into her on purpose.
I didn't see
her coming.
What do
you think
your parents
will do?
Since they're
going to be
out of town
for the weekend
I don't see why
they have to know.
Welcome to detention, ladies.
I'm sure you both know the
reasons why you're here.
If not, you'll have plenty
of time to think about them.
Since this is a
mandatory study hall
I hope you brought
lots of homework.
I'll be in a faculty meeting
in the next room
if you need anything.
I wonder what
happened to her arm.
It was an accident.
It's not like
I plowed into her
on purpose.
Oh. Well.
I was caught in
the boys' locker room
trying to steal
Coach Rooney's whistle.
The captain of the volleyball
team dared me to do it.
She said it proved
my team loyalty.
No kidding.
Yep.
Wow, I love
your hat.
Is that new?
No.
You know,
I was thinking.
About this morning
when I talked to you.
Maybe I was
a little...
What's the word?
Rude?
Uh, yeah.
Anyway, I just wanted
to apologize.
Fine.
Great.
Thanks.
Mrs. Mack:
Busy?!
George, you've
dedicated
every waking moment
to this project.
Enough is enough!
We are not canceling
this trip.
I know.
But if I go now
Danielle will probably take
the GC-161 assignment
away from me
if not worse.
You've already done
all the tests.
You've done
the research.
What does this woman
want from you?
She wants me
to re-run the tests
to confirm the results.
Well...
Get scooter to do it.
I'm the head of the
department, Barbara.
Danielle won't accept
any test results
on GC-161
unless I sign off on them.
George, Lava Hot Springs--
it's very beautiful
and relaxing.
And it's very exclusive.
She'll never know
you're not at the office.
She has her ways.
Figures.
Annie finally lets me
borrow her shirt
and Louis
decides to play
spin the ketchup
bottle at lunch.
Can you believe this?
So, what's this about Kelly?
After one day of detention
she's trying to be
your best friend?
This makes no sense.
This is the same girl who
accused you of stealing, Alex.
Look, I'm not
saying I trust her.
But I have to admit
she's trying really
hard to be nice.
Fine.
Just be careful,
all right?
Hey!
Hey.
Oh, rubbing it
won't help.
Use cold water.
Here.
Hey, it's coming out.
Yeah, I think
it'll be fine.
Kelly, why are you
being so nice to me?
Alex, I feel awful
about everything that's
happened between us.
I know I haven't
made it easy.
Sometimes it's hard being new
trying to fit in.
But now that I've
gotten to know you
I want to start all over.
I was hoping
if you're not doing
anything tomorrow
that we could hang out
or something.
Aren't you doing
something with Scott?
No, he has to work
all day tomorrow.
Scott and I spend
plenty of time together.
It's nice to do
something different.
I think you and I would
have a lot of fun.
What do you say?
Give me a chance.
We could hang out
at my place.
I don't think so.
Please?
Well, if it means
that much to you...
Of course, it could be
a little uncomfortable.
My parents are still upset
about detention.
I'm sure you
can relate, right?
Actually,
my parents
are going away
this weekend.
Hey, perfect!
I'll call tomorrow
to make plans, okay?
Mrs. Mack: This
is so great, honey.
I'm so glad
we came here.
Mr. Mack ( Muffled ):
Yeah, me too.
George?
Barbara, I need
to check in
with scooter soon.
Relax.
( Pager beeping )
Don't destroy the house, okay?
Come on, Annie.
I'm just having
a friend over
to watch
some videos.
Can't you ever
trust me?
Besides, when
have I ever
destroyed
the house?
There's a first time
for everything.
Bye.
Hi!
You're early.
Come in.
Um, Annie
shouldn't you be
leaving now?
Bye, Annie.
Do you mind
if I call home?
I promised my parents
I'd call.
Sure. Use the phone
in the kitchen.
Thanks!
Hi! Hi!
Hi.
What are you guys doing here?
I told you Kelly
was coming over.
Oh, right, well
we were on
our way to
the diner.
The mall.
The diner.
Actually
we're still
deciding.
Real smooth.
I told you
we should have
done the talking.
( Laughing )
Um, Ray?
What's going on here?
Well, you see,
the truth is...
We don't trust Kelly
and we came to check on you.
Give me a little credit.
You don't have
to check up on me.
( Knocking )
Um, hi.
( People talking )
( Dance music playing )
( Knocking )
Man, who are
these people?
I can't recognize
half of them.
Raymond...
allow me.
This is Atron High School's
star wrestler
Hank Grillo,
A.K.A. Nothing.
This is Sandy Taylor
captain of the varsity
cheerleading team.
And this is Joey Greene.
His dad owns
all the used-car dealerships
in the tri-county area.
Thanks, Joey.
( People talking )
( Girls giggling )
Looks like you're
not the only one
who knows everyone.
Boy:
Dump it over there, man.
( Music playing,
people talking )
Mrs. Mack:
George, I've been thinking...
The next time
we go on vacation
you should
bring your printer.
Don't worry.
Once I get the new data
from scooter
I can input it
into the computer
and send the info
to Danielle
with my approval.
Then...
I can relax a little.
( Cracking
knuckles )
Atron ( Next door ): You
call yourself a trained masseuse?
This is torture!
Ahh!
( Slapping )
( Mr. Mack grunts )
I'm dead.
Annie's going to kill me.
Then, my parents
are going to kill me.
It's not
your fault.
You can explain
how it really happened.
It's not like you
sent invitations.
Did you see the look
on her face
when you showed up?
Totally clueless.
Gee, I wonder who did.
Alex:
Enjoying yourself?
Kelly: Alex... uh, we were
just talking about you.
That's about the only honest
thing you've said today.
Excuse me?
Don't play dumb, Kelly.
I know you planned this.
After everything
you've done to me
I still gave you
one more chance.
How could you do
something like this?
That's what
I'd like to know.
( Piano playing softly )
( Pager beeping )
Oh... oh...
Oh...
Honey... would you
excuse me
for a minute?
George Mack.
You've got a call for me?
Oh.
Scooter?
Oh... thank God.
Okay, tell me what you've got.
Uh-huh.
Very interesting.
I see.
Great!
Hello? Hello, Scooter?
You still there?
Oh.
I thought I lost you
for a second there.
What?
What?!
You've got who
on the other line?
Gentlemen...
I'm talking
with our research facility,
right now.
Please be patient.
I'm expecting results
any second.
( Whispering ):
Kramer! Where's Mack?!
I need results now!
Where?
Funny how he always seems to be
in the men's room
instead of the lab.
You tell Mack I will deal
with him later.
Not to worry, gentlemen.
I've been assured that
results are on their way.
Shall we?
Scooter:
George, are you there? George?
I'd say she was more than upset,
Scooter...
She was right behind me.
Yeah, I better go.
Bye.
Robyn:
Ow!
That would be my foot!
Are you okay?
Please remind me
to never wear
open-toe shoes again
around basketball players?
This is unbelievable.
I mean,
I cannot move, okay?
Excuse me, excuse me!
Hello?
Hello, up there.
It's no use.
We're trapped in.
No one's ever going
to see us again.
So let me
get this straight.
After being
in detention together
you and Kelly become...
"Friends"?
Well, not exactly
friends.
You invite her
to hang out.
Ray and Louis and
Robyn and Nicole...
They all stop by
to say hello.
Well, just to make sure
everything was cool with Kelly.
Well, apparently,
it wasn't
because every kid
in Paradise Valley
is making themselves
at home here.
How could you let this happen?
What are we
going to do?
What do you
mean, "we"?
I know you're upset
but this is not my fault.
It's not like I sent out
invitations.
I was set up.
Come on, Annie.
I need your help.
Okay.
What we need
is a distraction.
Do you think you can get
to the fuse box?
What for?
Use your powers
to cause a surge
in the circuit breakers.
Once there's
an electrical malfunction
I'll take care
of the rest.
Okay.
( Dance music blaring )
Have any other ideas?
Hmm.
You can get to the garage
through the heating vent.
The fuse box is right
next to the washer and dryer.
( Electrical crackling )
Girl:
What was that?
( Popcorn exploding )
I'm, I'm not scared.
I'm, I'm not.
( Gasps )
Are you scared?
Okay, what's going on?
( Whirring )
( Ice cubes clattering )
( Whirring, clattering )
( Dance music distorts)
( People talking )
What's going on?
Boy:
Whoa.
Boy 2:
Yo, what's with the lights?
Girl:
Let's party!
Um, everybody remain calm.
We're having some
electrical problems.
I turned off the appliances
to deal with it but...
Everything should be fine
as long as you don't
turn anything back on.
( Music playing,
people talking )
( Music stops )
Boy:
I'm out of here.
Girl:
Let's go to another party.
Hey, wait.
Hey, guys, don't leave.
( Groans )
( Gurgling )
Not so fast, Kelly.
I think you owe me
an apology.
For...?
For totally using me?
I'm sorry you feel
that way, Alex.
I was trying
to help you.
Give you a chance to meet
some cool people.
I mean, it's not
like you
would normally have
friends like these.
Kelly, I would never
want friends like these.
( Sighs )
Are you okay?
Yeah.
I don't think there'll be
any more surprise parties
at the Mack house.
Probably a good thing
considering all these
electrical problems.
( Grunts )
What happened
to the party?
Hey... where were
you guys?
I haven't seen you
since the party began.
Um, we were kind of
trapped in the kitchen.
Kind of?
I'll be lucky if I
can even limp tomorrow.
What about
this mess?
We can't leave you with this.
Uh, Nicole...
speak for yourself.
Um, excuse me.
I think you missed a spot
under the coffee table.
Alex:
You guys are the greatest.
Thank you so much
for helping.
But I think Annie and I
can take care of it.
Good!
Are you sure
you're okay?
Yeah.
Thanks, Robyn.
You're welcome.
You got everything?
Yeah.
See you later.
Bye, Nicole. Bye, Ray.
Bye, Al.
Bye, Louis.
Well... it's time
to put those powers
to good use.
You have a lot
of work to do
before Mom and Dad get home.
Mrs. Mack:
I can't wait to go home.
This trip has been
the most stressful vacation
we've ever taken.
George!
What's Danielle
doing here?
I saw her yesterday
in the lobby.
I didn't want to ruin
our last night here so
I was going
to tell you later.
And...
I'm going to deal with this...
Right now.
( Panting )
Miss Atron!
Mack!
What are you
doing here?
( Panting )
I realized how urgently
you needed
this information so
I found out where you
were staying
and I rushed right over.
I hope you don't mind.
It depends.
Does it have
what I need?
I don't think
you'll be disappointed.
( Panting )
Gentlemen...
Looks like we have some
negotiating to do.
Mack, good work.
You've really
outdone yourself.
Maybe you should take
a little time off.
You look like
you could use it.
( Horn honks )
I think I just heard
the car pull up.
( Vacuum running )
( Vacuuming continues )
This is cutting it close.
( Vacuum running )
( Vacuum goes off,
light switch clicks )
( Clears throat )
Hi!
Hi, girls.
How are you?
Hi, sweetheart.
Hey, look at the house.
It looks great.
We should leave town
more often.
Annie, I owe you.
( Sighs )
Hmm.
Don't worry.
I know.
Nicole: So how did
it go with your parents?
Fine.
I think they were glad
to be back.
Hi, Alex.
( Giggles )
How could I have been
so stupid?
Don't be so hard
on yourself, Alex.
Hey, Alex, heard you
had a great party.
Sorry I missed it.
A bunch of us
went up to the lake.
Really? I thought
you had to work.
Who told you that?
Kelly.
That's strange.
I told her we spend
lots of time together.
I wanted to do
something different.
That is strange.
( School bell rings )
I better
get to class.
I'll... see you later.
Bye.
What's wrong?
You won't believe this.
I can't find
my make-up homework.
I was sure
I had it with me.
Hey, Alex...
I have an idea
where your homework might be.
Captioned by Grant Brown
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from OpenSubtitles.org